tonight we're taking game night up a
notch oh boy someone in this room is
going to be taken and it's gonna be up
to you to find them it's a murder
mystery party whoever finds the victim
wins the grand prize you're not gonna
know what's real and what's fake wait a
second can't just come in here and break
the door guys make sure you get a piece
of this cheese it's okay Roger dad you
drive safe I've always enjoyed the
camaraderie of good friends competing in
games of chance and skill dear Eva it
seems like Ryan you go first I'm scared
[Music]
it's not a joke
people are in real danger
[Music]
Oh take a little bath it's so much worse
stop wait me I have kids at home now
with an ass like yet you don't oh thank
you oh no he died
his instructions on how to remove the
bullets didn't have rubbing alcohol so I
got you this lovely sharp good idea way
to pivot and then a squeaky toy for the
pain
[Music]